The live EdgeHub dashboard moves between System, Focus, and Glance screens.
The front-facing display turns smoothly from landscape to portrait while the real Hub reflows.
The camera pulls back to reveal EdgeHub Manager on a separate desktop monitor.
Selecting screens in Manager changes the screen shown on the Hub.
Manager adds a new screen. The Hub immediately opens the empty screen.
Manager adds a CPU widget and changes the screen to two columns. Both changes appear live.
Manager opens Look and selects the Aurora Edge theme.
The Manager switches to dark mode, then a purple accent appears on both the preview and Hub.
Device settings show the fixed landscape orientation and automatic update preference.
Build your Edge with EdgeHub for Linux.